docs: update documentation for Cypress reporter (#551)
qase-tms/qase-javascript: qase-cypress/README.md

# Qase TMS Cypress reporter

Publish results simple and easy.

## How to install

```

> npm install cypress-qase-reporter@beta

Author: fixed

```

## Example of usage

The Cypress reporter has the ability to auto-generate test cases
and suites from your test data.

But if necessary, you can independently register the ID of already
existing test cases from TMS before the executing tests. For example:

```typescript

> import { qase } from 'cypress-qase-reporter/mocha';

Reviewer: why `/mocha` and not plain 'cypress-qase-reporter'?

## Configuration

Qase Cypress reporter can be configured in multiple ways:
- using a config file `qase.config.json`
- using environment variables

> All configuration options are listed in the following doc: [Configuration](../qase-javascript-commons/README.md#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of configuration options, see the [Configuration reference](../qase-javascript-commons/README.md#configuration).
```

Example `cypress.config.js` config:

```js
import cypress from 'cypress';

import plugins from './cypress/plugins/index.js';

module.exports = cypress.defineConfig({
  reporter: 'cypress-multi-reporters',
  reporterOptions: {
    reporterEnabled: 'cypress-mochawesome-reporter, cypress-qase-reporter',
    cypressMochawesomeReporterReporterOptions: {
      charts: true,
    },

>     cypressQaseReporterReporterOptions: {

Reviewer: `Reporter` repeated twice? O_o

      debug: true,

      testops: {
        api: {
          token: 'api_key',
        },

        project: 'project_code',
        uploadAttachments: true,

        run: {
          complete: true,
        },
      },

      framework: {
        cypress: {
          screenshotsFolder: 'cypress/screenshots',
        }
      }
    },
  },
  video: false,
  e2e: {
    setupNodeEvents(on, config) {
      return plugins(on, config);
    },
  },
});
```

### You can check example configuration with multiple reporters in [demo project](../examples/cypress/cypress.config.js).

## Requirements

We maintain the reporter on LTS versions of Node. You can find the current versions by following

> the [link](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/)

Author: fixed

- `testops.run.title` - Set custom Run name, when new run is created
- `testops.run.description` - Set custom Run description, when new run is created
- `testops.run.complete` - Whether the run should be completed

> - `testops.plan.id` - Pass Plan ID

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `testops.plan.id` - Qase test plan ID
```

Author: fixed

> - `testops.batch.size` - Size of batch for sending test results, default - `200`

Reviewer: heh, I wanted to comment on this, but you updated this line first :)

- `testops.defects` - Enable defects for failed test cases, default - `false`

> - `report.driver` - `local` Driver for report, default - `local`

Reviewer: Something's wrong here. 
```suggestion
- `report.driver` - Driver used for report mode, default - `local`
```

Author: fixed

> - `report.local.path` - Path to save report, default - `./build/qase-report`

Author: fixed

> - `report.local.format` - `json`/`jsonp` Format for report, default - `json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `report.local.format` - `json`/`jsonp`. Local report format, default - `json`
```

Author: fixed
